Growing up in the South, during the time of segregation,
blacks and whites, we couldn't mix.
And not only that, they had signs to keep you
knowing where you're supposed to go.
I couldn't understand why we couldn't get along.
Good to see you.
Yes, sir?
Thank you, sir.
Grandma, he's just a boy. Why are you seeing, sir?
Be quiet. I want you to know your place.
I told her after we got back on the truck, you know what?
I'll never hold my head down, you know.
My grandmother, she knew I had a love for the body
because I would always read the Bible as a kid.
But I couldn't understand it.
I used to pray what makes us so different.
You know, while we came together, I met a group.
And this group was like what I really wanted to be in.
It was about politics.
They said we fight injustice.
And when they said that we're injustice,
it was like, yeah, this is what I want to be in, right?
Be part of something that can change and make people unite it, right?
That was my goal.
We started protesting about police brutality.
And I think that's what a lot of people, you know,
was focusing on.
I liked some of the things that they was doing.
But they trained us every day in a military training,
learn how to use weapons and stuff like that.
And so I'm thinking like, this is not what I want to be in.
This is not what I join.
So I start like going back to God again,
to read the Bible because it's like, I'm not changing anything.
The Bible that I was reading was a team, James Version.
So I was reading it, reading it, reading it.
But I couldn't understand it.
We went to Jamaica.
And I saw this Bible, the New World translation.
And I started reading it.
And it made so much sense.
I could understand it.
And it wasn't the end of it.
I was like, wow.
You know, like, this is the one I want to get.
One day two women knocked on the door.
I didn't know David's Jehovah's Witness.
All I could see was a Bible.
And I said, what did you get the Bible from?
And they said, okay, we'll bring you up.
Bring you up.
And they did.
So they brought me the Bible.
But I didn't know I was going to have a Bible study
come along with it.
The first time I went to a convention
was Jehovah's Witness.
It was like 10,000 people.
When I go in it, and I see all these different faces
and different colors, it's like Jehovah showing me,
like, hey, Raphika.
Remember you asked me about all different people getting together
and being one, see, I'm not partial.
I still get along.
We are unified.
And it just made me feel so good inside.
Yes, this is the organization that I want to be in.
I just see people as people, you know.
And I can be friends with anybody.
Now that I know what the Bible really teaches,
I have a wonderful life.
Because I know that I'm the only God in His government
that can bring about peace.
Just like I Joe would unify everybody,
all like everybody to be unified and come to know Jehovah.
Just like I know Him.
Jehovah asked my prayer.